oh yes today I'm coming back for
present the purchases I made or
well ten artists and showmen and for that
I could be quite familiar
with the term
in fact it is welcome among
viiip who have 3 15% off at this
moment of larry on their orders
where are the products in store so I
felt a little bit I bought that some
novelties do not take us so this
what they are it's really the
fun to make this video there today
in addition that I took a few weeks
really to test them for you
will close old complete because I have
noticed that most of the time I
was making a hall and I still had
information to give you except as
angers but every product and I was doing
not always a return on every
product that I act so I find that
this is a good opportunity to test
products and tell you everything this is
that I thought so let's start all of
after that that they just have
because I told you I was going
really tried every product but are
200 exception still in their edge I
do not know if you're like me but
when I had a new article that I
find that cute beauty whatever
it is or if I want you
often present geneva in the box
several weeks when 6 and
road
do not get me wrong they are really
all tested 100 for that so the
first top 10 I got myself
it's the detoxifying microbubble mask
oxygenating August and brand bla
sephora
I'm sure it's the first
once I bought a care product
for the skin of the brand made years so
I say curious to try this and if I
command and it's for the simple and
good reason that that of chic or misdemeanors
their new mask connected Theodore
stock
at this moment the then I really wanted
mark game like in a madness
detoxifying I know you I like
a lot of my caudalie oil
it's like my taste all I also have a
moisturizing mask detoxify uriage that
I really like
so in this value
I tried this product and it's really
particular
firstly I would not want to languish
Longer
it's one of the best mars I've had
it's my life surely the most important
and the most effective is actually his wife
angels when we use and learn about
the skin and dress up like a foam
not really digested the street that's
really what's going on but as a
scream left and I swear to you
once having a fact I still
large port louis xi at the level of
cheeks on the nose a second forehead that
was almost all gone but not
are so tight the fact
surprisingly I tried them twice in
do not once a week only
and I was really impressed by the
kind result to see if in the long run
it's going to continue, let's say to last the po
just like I do it works but
good in the long run the result of this I'm
am procured a new everything did it
Wednesday is the new metal models
I already had a fuchsia methods if
I'm not wrong who's really a
rose making I believe gimp having it
presented in my dollar favorites and
so obviously I really wanted
to try this myself I write it in the
beginners color and that's what I
door today is really I find
wonderful actually it's still six
guinea pigs but really everyday
it's really something that
flash potro it's just perfect is
really a reflection of curtain in that
I like it a lot I find it gives
many dimensions of the air and like
the regulars they apply super
well he reacted on the mouth it looks
really I must have something in
this moment is really what I like
of these products there too of this third
phase iib that I secretly is the
illuminating wand allard guy
at jo zimmerman
I really love all the products of
joe dumars to that one I wanted it
really even time I was a little
skeptical about what was going
do it on me because it's a
illuminator with argan oil and I
trend before the stern thanks
so I had as part that over the
days
it beaumont oil ten years but
really wonderful exam wonderful
it's really a little champagne
I do not know where world can but me
I apply them with my fingers digit
above and I really quite
had it all over my face
I put it here of honor the cup and
this beautiful I put it here I put in
my corner was really one of the best
illuminator I've never tried
I have no point to advise you
32 if I'm wrong and it's worth
every dollar invested more in their
packaging and how this in addition to
cergy cracked for the lightning browser
tearing ice and actually when I saw
I knew I was going to cd I'm a
great lover in front of happy is
this one was way too good ever
tried the ring power it's like the
illuminating powder but according to them
were Alexee rocket and I want to ask
what was it going to do once
that we are the master where we
usually puts bronze years I had
afraid it will be like a bit of a hole in
minor that that too tends to
make skin oily is absolutely
taxes that's wonderful I can
apply it everywhere just for really
come tan my face or even 10 and
as important including us who
really happened beautiful
again that's what I think
today after that I got myself
another little luxury goods that is
compact glitter powder
of copper shit hatchet cases I
never used beta bluff or their
family their contributions what I feel
like a liquid but I've never
tried in powder is what I found
too ill and still know what I
door today and over the
famous bloch luminoso dechy and miami is
really crazy with delicately I you
swear it's really tocci
gently with the brush for this
we cut ourselves off we try to promise
tropical ever over blushes and
it's really beautiful and my last
buy and in the world it's him
self- tanned shit josie slang
loren
that was the gold liquid and I
found that very high flames
I was really looking for a
good self tanning since a small
moment and I really had a lot of
wrong when I saw the description of
this one actually is really
argan oil is really what we
told me that he was in no way
sparkling so related products with a
little mitt that I forgot my 200
for really happy to get up for
go get it but never rolled
like more hairy that without anything for
self tanning vanilla with vanilla
apricot is easy to whom I
say and I really had
used to put self-tanner
before that of bioderma that I have
really really less than this one
this one is really excellent it's
still not difficult to do
streaks on the body applies super
easily you I'm obviously
pay attention to at least one foot or sell a
a little drier but really sullen
thomson course and I had no problem
to buy it back
I used it too much whatever it sounds
not even in the water bottle
unlike that of bioderma which
yawns really fast they have to
really not long that the trustee
one for four to six months
so I can not wait to see how much you have
tell me and I 'll let you know there
so it's already
1000 6h had to age and audi
sephora i hope you go
appreciate the lungs what you think
of my new decor
I can place myself like this now
because I bought myself lights
is therefore
I hope you will me the result
and we would be obliged to lease